and the BAFTA is awarded to Brad Pitt
for once upon a time I hate to
disappoint you all but unfortunately
Brad Pitt I'm also very disappointed
it's unable to be here tonight sir to
pick up the award on their behalf okay
Brad couldn't be here tonight due to
family obligations so he asked me to
read his response for him okay he starts
by saying hey Britain heard you just
became single welcome to the club
wishing you the best with the divorce
settlement blah blah blah he then says
thank you to the Academy for this
extreme honor he says he's always been
to be intimidated over here given the
Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts and the
Titans that have come before so this is
especially meaningful he says he would
like to thank produces David Heyman and
Shannon Mackintosh the wild and
wonderful Zoe Bell Rob Alonso and the
rest of the stunt team the lovely Ariane
Phillips for his oh so tight jeans I'd
also like to thank her for those his old
mate Simon Jones and the one and only
Quentin Tarantino
he goes on by thanking you again and bla
bla bla bla bla bla bla bit much really
oh and he says that he is gonna name
this Harry cuz he is really excited
about bringing it back to the states
with him here's what it's not mine
you